Packit fails to run testing-farm tests (#34)
packit/status: content/issues/2022-09-22-outage.md

---
title: "September 22th outage"
date: 2022-09-22T08:00:00+02:00
resolved: false
resolvedWhen: 
severity: disrupted
section: issue
affected:
    - Testing Farm
---

Testing Farm is failing to run tests submitted by Packit which use `Copr` builds.
Tests with the `skip_build` flag are not be affected by this issue.

> We are working togheter the Testing Farm team to fix this as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are working together with the Testing Farm team to fix this as soon as possible.
```
